I congratulate all of you on your honorable graduation today. We have 53
doctorates, 322 masters, and 1,494 undergraduates graduating today. I know that
each one of our graduates will begin their journey to becoming proud SeoulTech
graduates who will shine. 

I am sure that each and every one of you spent long hours and invested hard
work into your research and future path. In a society in which the economy is
experiencing slow growth and low levels of employment, you have probably worked
harder than ever. I feel your worries and know that you have put more into your
studies than ever before. You have all done a great job and I would also like
to thank all of your family members for the love and support that they have
shown as well.

SeoulTech has experienced surprising levels of development during your time
here. We are seeing increased performance from our freshman, and we have grown
to become a global university that has exchanges with 280 universities in 57
countries. SeoulTech was also second among national universities and placed
19th among all universities in Korea according to the 2018 JoongAng Daily
University Review. We placed first in entrepreneurial education, fourth in
venture entrepreneurship, and seventh in academic scholarship rates as a result
of focusing on students and their education, and have become one of the
greatest national universities in Korea. We were also included in the top 3% of
universities worldwide according to the QS University Review. This is a
representation of SeoulTech and the global competitiveness of our graduates,
and because of our graduates, SeoulTech has been able to develop so much. I
thank each and every one of you for helping us to develop even further. We will
work harder to grow into a university that offers new technology and values to
compete with the best universities worldwide.

As I thank you today, I also want to provide you with some words that I hope
will be of help to you as you graduate. As you are aware, the Fourth Industrial
Revolution has now begun and a new society that will have unimaginable
development in scientific technology in the fields of big data, artificial
intelligence, robotics, and other areas will be present within the next ten
years. We will witness a world in which everything is connected and a
hyperconnected society where people are connected to one another through
digital means such as social networks like YouTube. In a recent TV program on
Generation Z, we were able to see how people born in the late 1990s and early
2000s are using YouTube and SNS to communicate, create new economic activities,
and raise their voice on social issues. This shows that we are already becoming
a hyperconnected society. Breakthroughs in scientific technology and social
networks present a paradigm shift in Korean society and the world.  In this
transitional period, we may lose our jobs and humanity to artificial
intelligence and robots, and there are worries that there will be greater
divides between the digital generation and the generation of the past. However,
if we are armed with a spirit of cooperation and creativity, we will be able to
revolutionize our society and be given an opportunity to change the world.
SeoulTech is leading the charge in cultivating future experts through our
prowess in scientific technology. Aside from this, we will require the
communication skills, collaboration skills, critical thinking skills, and
creativity skills. While I agree with all the 4Cs, I will focus on
collaboration and creativity today. Without communication, collaboration cannot
develop, and creativity cannot develop without critical thinking.

Many anthropologists believe that it was communication that allowed homo
sapiens to become the first collective intellectual group to claim the world. I
believe that one of the most essential factors that allowed for this is
collaboration. First, collaboration with groups both internally and externally,
and second, collaboration between generations. However, after the second
industrial revolution, the world used the concept of freedom to promote
selfishness and competition, which has resulted in our overlooking of the
importance of collaboration, one of the most essential factors of human growth.
The recent low levels of employment have created more competition and an
unfortunate belief that we must be selfish in order to survive in this
competitive environment. Now is the time where we must actively seek to
communicate with others both in the respective groups that we are in and
generationally. Both online and offline, different groups and generations must
focus on the spirit of human networks and seek to make changes to society. I
hope that you will be at the lead to create a world in which we support one
another and live together. Become a pioneer in instilling collaboration and
unity in the world.

Creativity is another essential factor that lead to the creation of collective
intelligence. Robin Williams (1951-2014) was a famous American comedian who
once said, “No matter what people say, words and ideas change the world.” Steve
Jobs’ creativity gave us the smartphone and created a whole new world for us.
In our society today, rather than praise individual creativity, we look down on
such things. It is now time for our society to shed the totalitarian and
authoritarian tendencies and change into a society that values individuals and
their opinions. However, there are still many cases in which new ideas are not
accepted and shut out. I am grateful that the new Generation Z that is leading
the digital transformation is showing their creativity and even creating
economic value. The YouTube videos and creative webtoons that are created by
Generation Z are now leading to entrepreneurs and jobs. We must all work
together to create a society that praises creative ideas. SeoulTech will also
continue to develop our creativity education and expand our entrepreneurship
education with the help of our entrepreneurship support team.

I spoke of collaboration and creativity today, but I would like to end my
speech by saying that it is how we decide to approach this issue that is the
most important factor of all. We must be open to all the differences in our
society. Collaboration only occurs when we accept and love the people who have
different characteristics, cultures, values, and thoughts. Only in such a
culture can creativity begin to grow. We must all have a spirit strong enough
to accept all differences in order to cultivate collaboration and creativity.
I believe that all of our graduates who are willing to accept diversity and
create a human network that seeks creative solutions will lead our society. We
will also work hard to further develop into a university that you are proud of,
and an institution that is a global pioneer that offers an education that
awakens collaboration and creativity with an open heart. I ask that you
continue to support our cause as the development of our school does not just
come from our faculty but our alumni as well. Graduates, open your minds and
grow to become the first movers in each area that you seek. Become leaders that
create a new society based on collaboration and creativity both in Korea and
abroad. Let us all seek to work together to create a network that shares.

Our institution has grown amazingly since its establishment 109 years ago, when
our country was facing the hardest of times, in order to teach scientific
technology and contribute to the national cause. I hope that you will remember
your experience and time here at SeoulTech whenever you face adversities and
know that you can do anything. I also ask that you show interest and love to
your alma mater and cherish your memories here at SeoulTech. We will never
forget you and will always support you. Once again, congratulations, and I hope
that a bright future is ahead of you.
